The code provides results published in "Annual immunogenicity measurements in randomized clinical trials help reveal heterogeneity in long-term vaccine efficacy: a pooled logistic regression modeling study" by Julie Dudášová et al. (2026). 

For the dengue vaccine example, please run the script "script-manuscript-durability-dengue-vaccine.R". Run it in RStudio or Posit Workbench, not using Rscript. The source data were published elsewhere (Salje, H. et al. Evaluation of the extended efficacy of the Dengvaxia vaccine against symptomatic and subclinical dengue 
Infection. Nature Medicine 27, 1395-1400, 2021) and are available as csv files at https://github.com/pdgcam/DengueTiters. Download the CSVs from there to the directory with the .R files. The code should support R >= 4.1.0 and was tested on Windows and MacOS with Apple Silicon chip. If running on MacOS, install cmake and fribidi before installing dependencies using renv. Also, make sure you use R with X11 capability (i.e., not the one from HomeBrew).

For the zoster vaccine example, please run the script "script-manuscript-durability-zoster-vaccine.R". The subject-level data used in the zoster vaccine analysis will be made available according to the data sharing policy of Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA (MSD), which is available at https://trialstransparency.msdclinicaltrials.com/policies-perspectives.aspx. Requests for access to the clinical study data can be submitted via email to the Data Access mailbox (dataaccess@msd.com).  